added deprecation for Product Pricing field (#58)
MewsSystems/gitbook-distributor-guide: distributor-api-v1/operations.md

                },
                "Products": [
                    {
                        "Id": "4fd0e6e0-101c-410d-8c12-ad6000b7e390",
                        "Name": {
                            "en-US": "Breakfast"
                        },
                        "Description": {},
                        "CategoryId": "77e0a18c-f2a5-418f-b578-16d3599c059d",
                        "ImageId": null,
                        "IncludedByDefault": false,
                        "Pricing": {
                            "Discriminator": "Absolute",
                            "Value": {
                                "CHF": {
                                    "Currency": "CHF",
                                    "GrossValue": 108.31,
                                    "NetValue": 98.46,
                                    "TaxValues": [
                                        {
                                            "TaxRateCode": "CZ-L",
                                            "Value": 9.85
                                        }
                                    ]
                                },

>                             "EUR": {

Reviewer: Got some weird indents here.

| `Charging` | string [Product charging](./operations.md#product-charging) | required | Charging of the product. |
| `Posting` | string [Product posting](./operations.md#product-posting) | required | Posting of the product. |

#### Pricing coproduct

| Property | Type | Contract | Description |
| :--- | :--- | :--- | :--- |
| `Discriminator` | string [Pricing data discriminator](./operations.md#pricing-discriminator) | required | Determines type of value. |
| `Value` | [Multi-currency amount](./operations.md#multi-currency-amount) / [Relative price data value](./operations.md#relative-price-data-value) | required | Structure of object depends on the [Pricing data discriminator](./operations.md#pricing-discriminator) |

##### Pricing data discriminator

* `Absolute` - Data specific to absolutely priced product are represented by [Multi-currency amount](./operations.md#multi-currency-amount).
* `Relative` - Data specific to relatively priced product are represented by [Relative price data value](./operations.md#relative-price-data-value).

##### Relative price data value

| Property | Type | Contract | Description |
| :--- | :--- | :--- | :--- |

> | `ProductIds` | array of string | required | Product ids used to calculate the price of the relatively priced product. |

Reviewer 2: Nit: Maybe `array of strings`? `Array of string` sounds weird to me.

Reviewer 2: Nit: I would go with product `IDs` instead of `ids`.

Author: I am following the same standard as Connector here. So vice versa, I did update the occurance of `array of strings` to `array of string` everywhere to clean it and use only one version.

`ids` renamed to `Unique identifiers` again, globally in the entire file.

| `Multiplier` | number | required | Percentage of the relative price. |
| `Target` | [Relative price target](./operations.md#relative-price-target) | required | Target defining whether the price of a product should be calculated from gross or net value of dependant products. |

> | `TaxRateCodes` | array of string | required | Tax rate codes that should be applied to the price in order to calculate gross price of the product. |

Reviewer: I wouldn't say `to calculate gross price of product.` In gross-priced environments, gross comes first and then taxes are deducted from the gross in order to calculate net. 

Maybe just `in order to calculate the taxes of the product`?

##### Relative price target

> * `GrossValue` - The price of the product should be calculated from gross value of dependant products
> * `NetValue` - The price of the product should be calculated from net value of dependant products

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `GrossValue` - The price of the product should be calculated from gross value of dependant products
* `TaxValue` - The price of the product should be calculated from tax value of dependant products
* `NetValue` - The price of the product should be calculated from net value of dependant products
```

#### Pricing coproduct

| Property | Type | Contract | Description |
| :--- | :--- | :--- | :--- |
| `Discriminator` | string [Pricing data discriminator](./operations.md#pricing-discriminator) | required | Determines type of value. |
| `Value` | [Multi-currency amount](./operations.md#multi-currency-amount) / [Relative price data value](./operations.md#relative-price-data-value) | required | Structure of object depends on the [Pricing data discriminator](./operations.md#pricing-discriminator) |

##### Pricing data discriminator

* `Absolute` - Data specific to absolutely priced product are represented by [Multi-currency amount](./operations.md#multi-currency-amount).
* `Relative` - Data specific to relatively priced product are represented by [Relative price data value](./operations.md#relative-price-data-value).

##### Relative price data value

| Property | Type | Contract | Description |
| :--- | :--- | :--- | :--- |
| `ProductIds` | array of string | required | Unique identifiers of [product](./operations.md#product)s used to calculate the price of the relatively priced product. |
| `Multiplier` | number | required | Percentage of the relative price. |

> | `Target` | [Relative price target](./operations.md#relative-price-target) | required | Target defining whether the price of a product should be calculated from gross or net value of dependant products. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Target` | [Relative price target](./operations.md#relative-price-target) | required | Target defining whether the price of a product should be calculated by multiplying gross value, tax value or net value of dependant products. |
```
